## Grading Program

# Instructions

You have access to a database of `student_scores` in the format of a dictionary. The **keys** in `student_scores` are the **names** of the students, and the **values** are their exam **scores**. 

Write a program that **converts their scores to grades**. By the end of your program, you should have a new dictionary called `student_grades` that should contain student **names** for **keys** and their **grades** for **values**. T**he final version** of the `student_grades` dictionary will be checked. 

**DO NOT** modify lines 1-7 to change the existing `student_scores` dictionary. 

**DO NOT** write any print statements.

This is the scoring criteria:

> Scores 91 - 100: Grade = "Outstanding"

> Scores 81 - 90: Grade = "Exceeds Expectations"

> Scores 71 - 80: Grade = "Acceptable"

> Scores 70 or lower: Grade = "Fail"

# Expected Output

```
'{'Harry': 'Exceeds Expectations', 'Ron': 'Acceptable', 'Hermione': 'Outstanding', 'Draco': 'Acceptable', 'Neville': 'Fail'}'
```

# Hint

1. Remember that looping through a Dictionary will only give you the **keys** and not the values. 

2. If in doubt as to why your code is not doing what you expected, you can always print out the intermediate values. 

3. At the **end** of your program, the print statement will show the final `student_scores` dictionary, do not change this.

# Test Your Code

Before checking the solution, try copy-pasting your code into this repl: 

[https://repl.it/@appbrewery/day-9-1-test-your-code](https://repl.it/@appbrewery/day-9-1-test-your-code)

This repl includes my testing code that will check if your code meets this assignment's objectives. 


# Solution

[https://repl.it/@appbrewery/day-9-1-solution](https://repl.it/@appbrewery/day-9-1-solution)

